New typography (#2653)
sumup-oss/circuit-ui: packages/circuit-ui/components/Headline/Headline.mdx

### Sizes

The Headline component comes in three sizes.

> Use the `four` size for card headers and `three` for page titles in web applications. For specific use cases such as landing pages, consider using the [Display](Typography/Display) component.

Author: ```suggestion
Use the `m` size for card headers and `l` for page titles in web applications. Consider using the [Display](Typography/Display) component for specific use cases such as landing pages.
```
